sale_timesheet_rounded/README.rst, before:

======================
Sale Timesheet Rounded
======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Ftimesheet-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/tree/15.0/sale_timesheet_rounded
    :alt: OCA/timesheet
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/timesheet-15-0/timesheet-15-0-sale_timesheet_rounded
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/117/15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Round timesheet lines amounts in sales based on project' settings.

A typical use case is: you work 5 minutes but you want to invoice 15 minutes.

With this module you can configure a rounding unit or factor on the project
and all the lines tracked on this project's tasks will show a rounded amount.

If you want you can override the value manually on each entry.

The delivered quantity on the sale order line - and by consequence on the
invoice - will be computed using the rounded amount.
Therefore, expense lines and other non-timesheet lines will be updated with
a rounded amount that is equal to the amount.

WARNING: This module cannot be used with `timesheet_grid` without further
adapation as an update of an existing timesheet line will NOT update the
rounded amount. To achieve this, you need to override `adjust_grid` function
to pass the `force_compute` context key.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to a project and set the following fields according to your needs:


* Timesheet rounding unit

Defines the rounding unit.
For instance, if you want to round to 1 hour, you can set `1.0`.
If you want to round to 15 min set `0.25`.


* Timesheet rounding method

Options: "No" (default), "Closest", "Up", "Down".

Please refer to `odoo.tools.float_utils.float_round` to understand the difference.


* Timesheet rounding factor (percentage)

When round unit is not defined you can round by a fixed %.


When using both a unit and a factor, the factor will be applied first:

  result = round(amount * percentage, unit)

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* improve test coverage

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_timesheet_rounded%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Thomas Nowicki <thomas.nowicki@camptocamp.com>
* Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
* Foram Shah <foram.shah@initos.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/timesheet <https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/tree/15.0/sale_timesheet_rounded>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[16.0][MIG] sale_timesheet_rounded: Migration to 16.0

sale_timesheet_rounded/README.rst, after:

======================
Sale Timesheet Rounded
======================

..
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:f1f09259075a3ca4e8cd5a7fa904602230fff4d6f30a154dcb82c64d09479bfe
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Ftimesheet-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/tree/16.0/sale_timesheet_rounded
    :alt: OCA/timesheet
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/timesheet-16-0/timesheet-16-0-sale_timesheet_rounded
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/timesheet&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Round timesheet lines amounts in sales based on project' settings.

A typical use case is: you work 5 minutes but you want to invoice 15 minutes.

With this module you can configure a rounding unit or factor on the project
and all the lines tracked on this project's tasks will show a rounded amount.

If you want you can override the value manually on each entry.

The delivered quantity on the sale order line - and by consequence on the
invoice - will be computed using the rounded amount.
Therefore, expense lines and other non-timesheet lines will be updated with
a rounded amount that is equal to the amount.


**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to a project and set the following fields according to your needs:


* Timesheet rounding unit

Defines the rounding unit.
For instance, if you want to round to 1 hour, you can set `1.0`.
If you want to round to 15 min set `0.25`.


* Timesheet rounding method

Options: "No" (default), "Closest", "Up", "Down".

Please refer to `odoo.tools.float_utils.float_round` to understand the difference.


* Timesheet rounding factor (percentage)

When round unit is not defined you can round by a fixed %.


When using both a unit and a factor, the factor will be applied first:

  result = round(amount * percentage, unit)

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* improve test coverage

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_timesheet_rounded%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Thomas Nowicki <thomas.nowicki@camptocamp.com>
* Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
* Foram Shah <foram.shah@initos.com>
* Phuc Kieu <phuckh@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this sale_timesheet_rounded from 15.0 to 16.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/timesheet <https://github.com/OCA/timesheet/tree/16.0/sale_timesheet_rounded>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
